[DM-2354] - updated description of lwm2m request timeout (#3122)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/device-integration/lwm2m-bundle/registering-lwm2m-devices.md

<td style="text-align: left">Integer</td>
<td style="text-align: left">The timeout used for shell operation requests such as read, write, execute done by the LWM2M microservice to the LWM2M device.
The value is in milliseconds and can be given to override the default value that is provided in the LWM2M microservice property file with the "C8Y.lwm2mRequestTimeout" property.

> The value must stay within the bounds of min and max values defined in LWM2M microservice properties: "C8Y.lwm2mMinRequestTimeout" and "C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout". 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value must stay within the bounds of the minimum and maximum values defined in the LWM2M microservice properties: `C8Y.lwm2mMinRequestTimeout` and `C8Y.lwm2mMaxRequestTimeout`. 
```

> If provided value is lower than minimum, LWM2M agent will ignore it and set allowed minimal value. Analogically, agent will correct the value higher than allowed maximum. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the provided value is lower than the minimum, the LWM2M agent will ignore it and set the allowed minimal value. Analogically, the LWM2M agent will correct a value higher than the allowed maximum. 
```
